3 gigabits per second
Network bandwidth. Each Cloud VPN tunnel can support up to 3 gigabits per second (Gbps) total for ingress and egress. The metrics related to this limit are Sent bytes and Received bytes , which are described in Monitoring metrics for Cloud VPN.


## https://www.parkmycloud.com/blog/google-cloud-machine-types/

https://status.cloud.google.com/

Timeout. Function execution time is limited by the timeout duration, which you can specify at function deployment time. By default, a function times out after 1 minute, but you can extend this period up to 9 minutes.

Cloud Functions Execution Environment - Google Cloud



# https://cloud.google.com/compute/docs/regions-zones/global-regional-zonal-resources#globalresources

$ The Dataproc pricing formula is: $0.010 * # of vCPUs * hourly duration . Although the pricing formula is expressed as an hourly rate, Dataproc is billed by the second, and all Dataproc clusters are billed in one-second clock-time increments, subject to a 1-minute minimum billing.


#Buckets. There is a per-project rate limit to bucket creation and deletion of approximately 1 operation every 2 seconds, so plan on fewer buckets and more objects in most cases.Jun 


# https://spinnaker.io/ GCP CLOUD BUILD 

CLOUD TABLE 

# Garbage collection is a continuous process in which Cloud Bigtable checks the rules for each column family and removes expired and obsolete data accordingly. In general, it can take up to a week from the time that data matches the criteria in the rules for the data to actually be removed.


With Google Cloud Directory Sync (GCDS), you can synchronize the data in your Google Account with your Microsoft® Active Directory® or LDAP server. GCDS doesn't migrate any content (such as email messages, calendar events, or files) to your Google Account.

Cloud Directory Sync offers the option of synchronizing Active Directory organizational units to Cloud Identity or G Suite. In a setup where Cloud Identity is merely used to extend Active Directory identity management to Google Cloud, mapping organizational units is usually not necessary.

Active Directory Federation Services (AD FS) is provided by Microsoft as part of Windows Server. With AD FS
